Amara Auguste
CISC 3140
HW 6

Would you prepare differently in the future? How so?

  I am not sure how I would prepare differently for a similar presentation in the future. 
I already did extensive research into my presentation topic for this presentation and used that 
research to compile a thorough look into my topic: “Augmented Reality’s Growing Impact on the 
Beauty and Fashion Industry”. I suppose that I could have went further into detail but I am not 
sure how this would have impacted the audience’s interest into the presentation as they already 
seemed overwhelmed with the amount of information conveyed to them via my presentation.

Would you restructure the organization of content in your talk? How so?

  Not necessarily, if anything I would cut out some of the introductory information about 
augmented reality, virtual reality, and popular uses of augmented reality. I only included those 
slides in order to introduce the concept of augmented reality to the audience to ensure that 
everyone would be on the same page with at least a basic understanding of augmented reality 
and its uses.

What are some enhancements to your presentation that would be relevant 
(if given more time to prepare or present) that you would include?

  I suppose that I could include more visual examples of augmented reality products in the beauty 
and fashion industry, since that seemed to be a big criticism received from my peers, although I 
personally felt that I included more than enough images and videos (so much so that I had to cut 
them from my live presentation, like the video about SnapChat). Also, seeing as the audience seemed 
to take issue with the amount of content presented to them, I suppose that I could cut information 
from the presentation such as definitions and popular examples, despite the fact that it is used to 
educate the audience on the basics of augmented reality, and how it relates to the topic at had about 
the impending growth of augmented reality with the beauty/fashion/home/ecommerce industries. 
Apparently, I presented too much information all at once for the audience in an attempt to thoroughly 
cover the topic. Lastly, to my surprise, a couple of criticisms received claimed that my “outline” was 
“all over the place” despite the fact that I found it to be extremely linear and easy to understand. 
I suppose that I should have workshopped it with other people before my presentation seeing as so many 
other people seemed to find it “hard to follow” when I found it extremely easy. 

Are you interested enough in your topic to continue honing it and possibly find another venue 
to present it again? Perhaps a conference or local programmers’ user group?

  No, although I am very interested in my topic, I feel that my presentation already provides 
in depth coverage of the topic that I chose and I do not like to speak publicly so I would 
definitely not want to present again, especially not on a much larger scale.

Analysis of the feedback - How does the open ended feedback differ between lower quantitative 
scores and higher scores, if applicable?

  The open ended feedback differs between lower quantitative scores and higher scores because the lower 
quantitative scores are paired with more detailed and in depth criticisms. When someone rated a lower 
score, they eventually took more issue with the presentation and had more negatives to voice about it. 
In contrast, higher scores were paired with less descriptive feedback as audience members who awarded 
higher scores had less to criticize and complain about.
